interpreter-test.xx.01: if/ let
interpreter-test.xx.02: if/ let
interpreter-test.xx.03: if/ let
interpreter-test.xx.04: if/ let
interpreter-test.xx.05: quote
interpreter-test.xx.06: quote
interpreter-test.xx.07: define/ lambda
interpreter-test.xx.08: define/ lambda
interpreter-test.xx.09: define/ lambda
interpreter-test.xx.10: define/ lambda
interpreter-test.xx.11: define/ lambda
interpreter-test.xx.12: define/ lambda
interpreter-test.xx.13: primitives
interpreter-test.xx.14: primitives
interpreter-test.xx.15: primitives
interpreter-test.xx.16: primitives
interpreter-test.xx.17: primitives
interpreter-test.xx.18: primitives
interpreter-test.xx.19: last portion
interpreter-test.xx.20: last portion
interpreter-test.xx.21: last portion
interpreter-test.xx.22: last portion